[docs-only] oCIS 1.15 / Web 4.5.0 Release Notes (#2802)
owncloud/ocis: docs/ocis/release_notes.md

The most prominent changes in ownCloud Infinite Scale 1.15.0 and ownCloud Web 4.5.0 comprise:

- Multi-file and folder downloads as well as other external application (Collabora Online, ONLYOFFICE, CodiMD, etc.) integrations now work in public links. [web#5924](https://github.com/owncloud/web/pull/5924)
- New files (created/uploaded and file versions) will now be highlighted in ownCloud Web. [web#6020](https://github.com/owncloud/web/pull/6020)
- When using ownCloud Web with the ownCloud Classic backend, Web will now automatically display app entries in the app switcher based on the entries in the app switcher of the Classic UI (e.g., Activity, Market) so that users can easily find and use the apps. [web#5996](https://github.com/owncloud/web/pull/5996)
- The width of the right sidebar in the Files app of ownCloud Web has been reduced to make it better usable on medium-sized screens. [web#5983](https://github.com/owncloud/web/pull/5983)
- ownCloud Web has received performance and other improvements for external application integrations. [web#5952](https://github.com/owncloud/web/pull/5952)

> - Spaces: A new API endpoint has been introduced that allows to list all Spaces in an installation. [ocis#2692](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/pull/2692)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Spaces: A new API endpoint has been introduced that allows listing all Spaces in an installation. [ocis#2692](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/pull/2692)
```

Author: always the same :see_no_evil: thanks @phil-davis :grin:
